Update the list with a few new projects (#8)
streamnative/awesome-pulsar: README.md

## Data Processing

- Pulsar Flink Integration:

>   - [Flink 1.9+ Integration](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-flink): Streaming source and sink connector, Streaming Table support and catalog/schema integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Flink 1.9+ Integration](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-flink): Streaming source and sink connector, streaming table support and catalog/schema integration.
```

  - [Flink 1.6 Integration](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/examples/flink/src/main/java/org/apache/flink/batch/connectors/pulsar/example): A collection of streaming and batch connectors for [Apache Flink](http://flink.apache.org) processing streams in Pulsar. [batch](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/examples/flink/src/main/java/org/apache/flink/batch/connectors/pulsar/example) and
  [streaming](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/examples/flink/src/main/java/org/apache/flink/streaming/connectors/pulsar/example).
- Pulsar Spark Integration:

>   - [pulsar-spark](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/adaptors-spark/): A [Spark Streaming](http://spark.apache.org) receiver to receive data from Pulsar.

Reviewer: is it correct?

```suggestion
  - [pulsar-spark](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/adaptors-spark/): A [Spark Streaming](http://spark.apache.org) connector to read data from and write data to Pulsar.
```

Author: that's correct. that one is a receiver which only receive data. it doesn't write data.
